feat: add sections about testing (#100)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/developer-guide/tests/overview.md

# Tests

## Introduction

> `GreptimeDB` has lots of tests to ensure its behavior. This chapter will introduce several significant methods used to test `GreptimeDB`, and how to work with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our team has performed different types of testings to ensure the performance of GreptimeDB. This chapter introduces several significant methods used to test `GreptimeDB`, and how to work with them.
```

Author: >...the performance of...

The tests we are discussing here are about behavior, i.e., what is allowed and what to expect etc. The performance test usually refers as "bench".
